>> Brian Holt: We're gonna move
on to universal rendering.
So, taking our app,
rendering it on the server first, and
then sending it down the wire.
So, let's discuss why you wanna do that,
cuz it sounds like a whole
lot of extra work.
So, if I open my View Source here,
View Page Source.
The page source for
this is index.html, right?
Nothing happens here, there's nothing.
And if I open this page
without JavaScript,
>> Brian Holt: Disable JavaScript,
right there.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
cuz I have to run dev again.
>> Brian Holt: So,
if I run this without JavaScript,
I should just get a React has not yet
rendered, right?
Because if you send down this app,
it's an entire JavaScript app.
It can't do anything if
JavaScript is disabled.
Now, people disabling JavaScript,
probably a pretty minuscule
amount of people these days.
If you're gonna be on the web,
for the most part,
you're gonna running JavaScript.
However, where this becomes a problem
is if you're on a really slow
connection, right?
Like on shitty hotel Wi-Fi,
or you're in 2G, or
you're in a foreign country that
has really bad Internet access.
These are all common use places, right?
So, what we want instead is we want to
send down the complete markup first for
this initial page.
So, this markup appears before
someone instantaneously, right?
Then they look at this page, right,
it's gonna take me at
least a second to discern.
Okay, brand, okay, search.
Okay, now I can search for a movie.
So I'm gonna search for house, right?
It's gonna take me a least a couple
seconds to put all those things together.
Hopefully by the time that I've completed
that entire thought process, and
I'm ready to interact with your page,
everything will have been
loaded by that point, right?
But it starts that process sooner.
Rather than having to wait for
the JavaScript to download, for React to
bootstrap, for your app to finish the
first render, for it to mount to the DOM,
all these different steps, you want it
to be something's in front of you, okay?
And then, React is gonna hurry and
bootstrap behind the scene.
So any question about the process and
why we want to do universal rendering?
So we want to send down complete mark-up.
That's the point of universal rendering.
So, it's gonna send down this mark up.
This mark up is not going
to be interactive, right?
Because there's no
JavaScript behind it yet.
We want React to kind of like hurry up and
play catch up so
that it can bootstrap
itself behind the scenes.
So by the time someone's willing to
interact with it, the app is ready to go.
Does that make sense?
Okay, so I'm going to show
you how to do this with node.
You obviously,
that this is a JavaScript application.
Node is going to be
involved in here somewhere
if you're gonna be able to do it.
The way that we do it at Netflix is all
of our backend services, or many of our
backend services are JVM based,
which obviously don't run JavaScript.
So, we have a node server that
sits in front of our Java servers
that then serve requests to people.
So, people make requests against the node.
We do all of our server side
rendering on our node server and
then we send it back down.
And our node server is actually what
talks to all of our different services.
So, if you're on Python or Django or Ruby
or anything like that, that's how you're
gonna have to do this if you want to
do this, which you should, I think.